Answer for Exercise 3 -

Program –
glossary = { 'string': 'String is a collection of alphabets,words or other characters.', 
             'variable': 'A python variable is a symbolic name that is a reference or pointer to an object.', 
             'list': 'Lists are used to store multiple items in a single variable.', 
             'loop': 'Python for loops are used to loop through an iterable object(like a list,tuple,set,etc)and perform the same action for each entry .', 
             'dictionary': "Dictionaries are used to store data values in key:value pairs.", 
             'key': 'The first item in a key-value pair.', 
             'value': 'An item associated with a key in a dictionary.', 
             'comments': 'Comments in Python is the inclusion of short descriptions along with the code to increase its readability.', 
             'float': 'Float is a method that returns a floating-point number for a provided number or string.', 
             'boolean expression': 'The python boolean type is one of the built in data types. It is used to represent truth value of an expression.'}

for word, definition in glossary.items(): 
print(f"\n{word.title()}: {definition}")

Output –
String: String is a collection of alphabets,words or other characters.

Variable: A python variable is a symbolic name that is a reference or pointer to an object.

List: Lists are used to store multiple items in a single variable.

Loop: Python for loops are used to loop through an iterable object(like a list,tuple,set,etc)and perform the same action for each entry .

Dictionary: Dictionaries are used to store data values in key:value pairs.

Key: The first item in a key-value pair.

Value: An item associated with a key in a dictionary.

Comments: Comments in Python is the inclusion of short descriptions along with the code to increase its readability.

Float: Float is a method that returns a floating-point number for a provided number or string.

Boolean Expression: The python boolean type is one of the built in data types. It is used to represent truth value of an expression.
